You clearly know that Xiao Li was injured and hospitalized by you
You're still showing off here
Chunhua Tan, why did you become so despicable now?
Bah
I'm just teaching your Jiang family a lesson
Unfaithful son
Lest this unfilial son come
Drag your Jiang family down
Let your Jiang family have no way to make a comeback
There is only one unfilial son of the Jiang family
It's you, you are no longer our Jiang family.
My filial piety is already at the birthday party
That will give you complete guilt
You deserve it. You don't deserve to be my son
It's time for this
And you say that as a father?
Good you are morally corrupt
He doesn't deserve to be a member of our Jiang family at all
Moral corruption
You mean stealing something from your Jiang family 5 years ago?
Or money god
I promised to donate bone marrow to save Boss Jiang
But I lack Poolu.
Let your good brother Gangneung
Donated bone marrow
You finally admit it now
I did these despicable things myself